Stable sessions docs (#11352)
withastro/docs: src/content/docs/en/guides/sessions.mdx

This feature allows you to store and access items such as login status, shopping cart contents, or other user-specific data:

```astro title="src/components/CartButton.astro" {3}
---
export const prerender = false; // Not needed with 'server' output
const cart = await Astro.session.get('cart');
---

<a href="/checkout">🛒 {cart?.length ?? 0} items</a>
```

## Configuring sessions

Sessions require a storage driver to store the session data. The [Node](/en/guides/integrations-guide/node/#sessions), [Cloudflare](/en/guides/integrations-guide/cloudflare/#sessions), and [Netlify](/en/guides/integrations-guide/netlify/#sessions) adapters automatically configure a default driver for you, but other adapters currently require you to [specify a driver manually](/en/reference/configuration-reference/#sessiondriver). 

```js title="astro.config.mjs" ins={4}
  {
    adapter: vercel(),
    session: {
      driver: "redis",
    },
  }
```

<ReadMore>
  See [the `session` configuration option](/en/reference/configuration-reference/#session-options) for more details on setting a storage driver, and other configurable options.
</ReadMore>

## Interacting with session data

> The [`session` object](/en/reference/api-reference/#session) allows you to interact with the stored user state (e.g. add items to a shopping cart) and the session ID (e.g. delete the session ID cookie when logging out). The object is accessible as `Astro.session` in your Astro components and pages and as `context.session` object in API endpoints, middleware and actions.

Reviewer: comma/grammar nits
```suggestion
The [`session` object](/en/reference/api-reference/#session) allows you to interact with the stored user state (e.g., adding items to a shopping cart) and the session ID (e.g., deleting the session ID cookie when logging out). The object is accessible as `Astro.session` in your Astro components and pages and as `context.session` object in API endpoints, middleware, and actions.
```

---
title: Sessions
description: Share data between requests for on-demand rendered pages.
i18nReady: true
---

import Since from '~/components/Since.astro';
import ReadMore from '~/components/ReadMore.astro';

<p>
<Since v="5.7.0" />
</p>

> Sessions are used to share data between requests for [on-demand rendered pages](/en/guides/on-demand-rendering/). Sessions provide some key advantages over using [`cookies`](/en/guides/on-demand-rendering/#cookies) for data storage: there are no limits on the amount of data that can be stored in the session, and they can be trusted with secure data.
> 
> This feature allows you to store and access items such as login status, shopping cart contents, or other user-specific data:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Sessions are used to share data between requests for [on-demand rendered pages](/en/guides/on-demand-rendering/). 

Unlike [`cookies`](/en/guides/on-demand-rendering/#cookies), sessions are stored on the server, so you can store larger amounts of data without worrying about size limits or security issues. They are useful for storing things like user data, shopping carts, and form state, and they work without any client-side JavaScript:
```
I really like this paragraph from the blog post, so let's use it here!
